When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

I am going to use a remote repository when my work need to be shared and colaborated with my team or others.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

I can think of one case like I pull remote repository that someone else made and I want to make a change to it. In this case,
once I downloaded it and edited, I do not want to simply get modification from original. I will do my own modification to it. Therefore
I won't use automatic pull from remote repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branch is tagging on the commit in a repository. Clone copies commits and commit history into one repository from source respository. It could be local to local or github to local. Fork is special function that github give us for cloning a repository in other person's github to another in your github.
Fork exist because you don't have a permission to change someone else's repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

I can play with the source code or whatever was in the last known status of the remote and I could keep it for my work or push it to the remote.
If it broke, I still have working version on the remote, so I have confident to play with it, and if something is done on the local version.
I push it to the remote and integrate it with the remote version.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

In that case, I have to distribute who do what before we get to work and prevent duplicate work on the same target. It would be not easy to do experiment
on the repository without Git and Github. Without Git and Github, I do not see the change on source code from other team member until I contact them and
ask action to update their work. It would be harder than with Git and Github.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Making different branch from master and pulling and pushing between master branch and other branch is tricky when it comes to the interaction with
local and remote repository. However a seperate branch make it sure to build something safe with master branch without touching it directly.